BUG: make report_diff_values returns consistent (ignoring terminal size) (#16065)
astropy/astropy: docs/changes/utils/16065.bugfix.rst

> Make ``report_diff_values`` returns consistent (ignoring terminal size).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update ``report_diff_values`` so the diff no longer depends on the console terminal size.
```
